# ENTER COMMENTS FOR GROUP 5 PRELIM ANALYSIS

INTRODUCTION AND DATA
Is the research question and goal of the report clearly stated?
	Yes, we were able to identify the research question and what the project/report plans on doing

Does the introduction provide appropriate background context and motivation for a general reader?
	Yes, it gave a short gist of the Federal Reserve and what it does

Is the source of the data stated with an appropriate citation?
	Yes, each source has an appropriate link to where the data can be found and provides a summary of what the data contains

Is it clear when and how the data was collected?
	From what we've seen so far, most of the data are public information and acquirable through downloading the data set. The only data that was collected in a different medium were the Federal Reserve speeches which were scraped. It isn't clear when the data was collected or, rather when the public data sets were updated.

Is data manipulation described clearly (missing data, creation of new variables, etc)?
	They removed all un-named columns from web scraping, ensured that all dates were in a standard format

Are the cases and relevant variables described?
	Yes, there is a codebook that gives a short description of the variables

METHODOLOGY
Do the visualizations correspond to the stated research question?
	We were unable to see two of the graphs (plot-treasury-close-snp-close-plots, plot-finbert-sentiment-snp-high-plot) as there were issues. The other graphs do seem to correspond with their research question.

Are visualizations effective and do they follow clear visualization principles (including elements like titles, labels, appropriate for the type of data, etc)?
	They were properly labeled and had alt texts.

Is the choice of method/approach justified?
	Yes

RESULTS
Are the chosen techniques for answering the research question appropriate for the research context and type of data?
	Given the unclear results, there might be better methods for answering the research question.

Is the research question answered effectively?
	No. While the results were inconclusive, it wasn't explained why they were inconclusive.

DISCUSSION
Is the answer to the research question summarized and supported by evidence?
	No. Even though the answer was inconclusive, they didn't use data to back up why it was inconclusive.

Are the limitations of the analysis clearly outlined?
	Yes, it talks about the limitations of the FINBERT model in determining tone and about the limitations of looking at stock prices.

Do the authors reflect on any implications the nature of the training data has for the generalizability of the findings?
	No

Do the authors reflect on the ethicality of their work?
	No

FORMATTING
Is their code commented on?
	No.

Are their code chunks labeled?
	Yes.

Are their code and output accessible?
	Yes.

GENERAL
Is the writing clear (including elements like spelling, grammar, etc)? Are you able to follow what is being done?
	There were some grammatical and spelling errors.

Is the coding clear? Are you able to follow precisely what is being done?
	There were no comments other than code chunk names, so it was a bit hard to follow step-by-step.

Are you able to reproduce all aspects of the report, including output, visualizations, etc?
	No, there were some issues with two of the graphs.

Is the report well-formatted and readable (including layout but also only reporting relevant output, with no extraneous code, visuals, etc)?
	Yes, they only included important information.

Have they appropriately outlined the next steps with gaps clearly defined?
	No.

Is their repository well-organized or has it been difficult to find certain files?
	It's well organized.

Any suggestions for them moving forward?
	For each speech, why not consider the data from the day before, the current day, and the next day to solve the issue of investors knowing beforehand or not reacting until the day after?

FINAL CONSIDERATIONS
What is one question you have for the group after reading their analysis?
	What were the ones you were looking at?
	
	
What is one thing the group has done especially well?
	I think this group did well with using models that weren't talked about in class, like the finBert model.
